HAEPBT for hasn't:

Wondering why the E is there?
HAPBT for hadn't
probably to distinguish it from that
"AE" sometimes is used for the short A sound too in languages like Norwegian

The other definition for hasn't makes more sense to me: HAFPBT

I think this may be one of the exceptions to the theory which is there because it's convenient like SKP for "and"

maybe AE is used as a disambiguator when the A version is already taken by something else

AE is mainly used as a spelling disambiguator. For example: made vs maid. But it is also used for other things.
The stroke PHAEPB is used for many, but it doesn't really have an "ea" in there.
Seems like adding an E will often let you add a y at the end of a word.

Other words that have a y ending:
PWAEB for baby, TKPWRAEF for gravy, TPHAEL for -inally as in marginally, TPAERPL for pharmacy
AE is also used for the single quote
AES for 's, AE for a ending ', A*E for a starting '

@Wilfried in the Plover Discord:
It's common in the dictionary to make the vowel long, or mod it, to indicate -y at the end.
Other examples are SOER for sorry, STOER for story, TPAOUPB for funny, TKOEUFLT for difficulty.
It doesn't rise to the level of rule, since it's not that consistent, and 
you can always stroke the -y at the end instead, but it's a useful way to shorten the outline.
With difficulty, difficult is TKEUFLT, so add an O to make TKOEUFLT.

----

TPHAO for into:

TPH is an n and AO is used for the oo sound, so it kinda makes sense.
Since TPHO is used for no, there needs to be another key to disambiguate.

SPWAO for into:
SPW is often used for int. For example:
SPW* for int
SPWAEUBG for intake
SPWEL for intel
SPWEPBD for intends

Here's some more from Magnum Steno theory:
http://www.thesimplebrief.com/mark-kislingburys-theory-shortcuts-prefixes/

TPHRAO for into:
probably a mistroke for TPHAO

EUPB/TO for into:
The normal phonetic entry. EU for i, PB for n, and TO for to


TPHEGT for next:
TPH = n
not sure what the G is for

KAOURS for curious:
AOU is a long U maybe?


